It’s really unexpected,
There are so many grievances and entanglements between you,
At the end of the day, you don’t have a police headset,
Let you forget what the blood jade bead in your hand is.
Don't be a good boy and break up.
The blood jade beads on your hand were hung by you yourself back then.
The new bad girl of Qianqun Princess.
Ah, what happened?
It’s okay if you forget, Chen Xue,
You already killed it back then, and you won't let it go,
When you changed your life and raised your soul, I made such a big deal about you,
It’s not for you to give him your life,
Be obedient and give Zhu Zi to me.
You said you can't live in exchange for your life.
Who is it for?
Whose to support?
I don’t need to know
He is in my praise of Brother Chen’s many years of love.
I promised him something
won't tell you
I won't even tell you
Then I'll go find me by myself
Qianjiu, please be free of charge
I can also give it back to him
Mature, mature, mature, come back soon, it’s me who’s coming
I brought your heart back to maturity
Have you thought about it?
Leave that week behind
Even if your grandfather is dead
We can also take him and return it to your grandfather.
Since you
Please be willing to read it
I don't believe you tuned in.
Don't lose in competition and be fined with alcohol. Thank you